# openapi.model.CreateChatCompletionRequest

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openapi/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | [**List<ChatCompletionRequestMessage>**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_format_inputs_to_chatgpt_models). | [default to const []]
**model** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestModel**](CreateChatCompletionRequestModel.md) |  | 
**frequencyPenalty** | **num** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model's likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.  [See more information about frequency and presence penalties.](/docs/guides/text-generation/parameter-details)  | [optional] [default to 0]
**logitBias** | **Map<String, int>** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a JSON object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  | [optional] [default to const {}]
**logprobs** | **bool** | Whether to return log probabilities of the output tokens or not. If true, returns the log probabilities of each output token returned in the `content` of `message`. This option is currently not available on the `gpt-4-vision-preview` model. | [optional] [default to false]
**topLogprobs** | **int** | An integer between 0 and 5 specifying the number of most likely tokens to return at each token position, each with an associated log probability. `logprobs` must be set to `true` if this parameter is used. | [optional] 
**maxTokens** | **int** | The maximum number of [tokens](/tokenizer) that can be generated in the chat completion.  The total length of input tokens and generated tokens is limited by the model's context length. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_count_tokens_with_tiktoken) for counting tokens.  | [optional] 
**n** | **int** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. Note that you will be charged based on the number of generated tokens across all of the choices. Keep `n` as `1` to minimize costs. | [optional] [default to 1]
**presencePenalty** | **num** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model's likelihood to talk about new topics.  [See more information about frequency and presence penalties.](/docs/guides/text-generation/parameter-details)  | [optional] [default to 0]
**responseFormat** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat**](CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat.md) |  | [optional] 
**seed** | **int** | This feature is in Beta. If specified, our system will make a best effort to sample deterministically, such that repeated requests with the same `seed` and parameters should return the same result. Determinism is not guaranteed, and you should refer to the `system_fingerprint` response parameter to monitor changes in the backend.  | [optional] 
**stop** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestStop**](CreateChatCompletionRequestStop.md) |  | [optional] 
**stream** | **bool** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a `data: [DONE]` message. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_stream_completions).  | [optional] [default to false]
**temperature** | **num** | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic.  We generally recommend altering this or `top_p` but not both.  | [optional] [default to 1]
**topP** | **num** | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or `temperature` but not both.  | [optional] [default to 1]
**tools** | [**List<ChatCompletionTool>**](ChatCompletionTool.md) | A list of tools the model may call. Currently, only functions are supported as a tool. Use this to provide a list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for.  | [optional] [default to const []]
**toolChoice** | [**ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption**](ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption.md) |  | [optional] 
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices/end-user-ids).  | [optional] 
**functionCall** | [**CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall**](CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall.md) |  | [optional] 
**functions** | [**List<ChatCompletionFunctions>**](ChatCompletionFunctions.md) | Deprecated in favor of `tools`.  A list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for.  | [optional] [default to const []]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


